alright we're here at the grape escape
the last stage here it is about see six
thirty in the morning here in all the
riders set up and it's going to be
exciting race my name is Jeff Rogers and
from the California office so it's my
first time here it's great to stay
tradespeople mount check it out pretty
excited yeah it's starting to feel a
little bit of fishing out of butter
that's always a good thing you know and
you think it's going to be hard and your
body's ready then typically have a
better race yeah maybe we lacked a
little bit of motivation coming into the
first two stages but definitely today
it's all for all guns blazing we've got
a lead of a bottom and it 40 so there
will be some teams trying to diminish
that lead and yards good to see crystals
finally eating some breakfast and
drinking coffee before the start so it
should be a good day so the most
fontaine we started epic two years ago
so we have some memories it was a day of
suffering I hope it's gonna be a day of
control today are gonna be three teams
having the interest getting us out of
the winning position here so I expect
it's gonna be a hard race
alright so here we are we're at the the
only water point of the day and guys
going to be coming here in about an hour
so we have a little bit of time just get
everything ready Dylan's got his uh his
wheels and everything out and all the
spares just in case look at this view
though it's amazing you can see all the
vineyards and everything and had very
cool to be here
you
mmm
I carry my player yeah they're looking
really relaxed the front looks like I've
managed to open the gap a bit more and
having a bit of fun with Ralph they're
going to be racing one another much more
seriously later in the season yeah it's
a great bunch of guys and get to see
they they get on yeah behind the World
Cup season
you're to you like this
Joshua's ha die from the guiding the
gods on a trace and that was obvious and
then yeah Susie and I just followed all
the wheels and then I started feeling
good towards the top of the long climb
and we started pacing on the front and
we drive more and more ideas and in the
end it was just four of us jock crashed
in the feed zone and Susie ran over him
said that was a bit of a problem for
Susie but then after that job we just
sort of cruised home and make sure that
we could pull off the win it's great to
have a one in the bag early in the
season girl feel very good almost epic
lux no comparison to last year very very
good to ride it buried together as a
team oh you know that crash it shows
again now yeah oh it's concentrate even
at the easiest part you can cash or
easiest part I I just put the bottom
line when they see in shock the resort
crashing in front of me like completely
on the Gaza what is he doing have same
happen to me but it was just so such
deep sound and yeah just one hand on the
handle bar and that was it
Barry's Thunder the first son African to
implicate epic teamed up with crystal
cells are looking to defend their titles
timber